British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 6: B1 Review, Projects and Integrated Skills.
Lesson 6: B1 Review, Projects and Integrated Skills: Writing Lesson 6.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen to the writing model. Notice how the answer is organised.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a writing task about relationships.
Today you will practise language connected to relationships.
Target language: relative clauses.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise writing for b1 review, projects and integrated skills. You will learn useful language connected to relationships and practise relative clauses. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.